♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
(siren wails)
Let me see that thing. Wow.
How did you know?
He asked me if women
know their ring sizes.
And i was like...
"of course. I
mean, i do."
Real smooth.
(chuckles)
so smooth.
You know, i'd almost lost faith
until you guys.
Maybe there's still hope
for me.
Let me see it again.
Aw...
Wow.
It's gorgeous.
Whoa. Hey.
Are you okay?
Rose.
I've got a bad feeling.
His name was death.
And hell
followed
With him.
(gunshots)
Oh, my god!
Rose!
Rose! Rose!
Somebody get a doctor out here!
Man:
We've got a gunshot victim!
Rose! Hey, hey,
hey, hey, rose.
Stay with me.
I got you.
Somebody help!
Help!
(rock music playing on radio)
♪ the only difference
is a name ♪
♪ everything around here
feels the same ♪
♪ procrastination,
always waiting... ♪
Were you nice?
You said you'd be nice.
He said that we're
looking for e.T.
In the middle of a budget
crisis. That's what he said.
So you weren't nice.
(chuckles)
i just made
One observation.
That was it.
You know, that i'm sure
he's just as qualified
To judge the work of a
team of radio astronomers
As he is to hold public office.
I'm really worried
about where this is going.
His daddy's oil money
Obviously qualifies him
for both.
You said that to him?
You said those words to him?
Vera, the man is
a u.S. Congressman.
The man is an idiot.
An idiot who holds
the purse strings!
(rapid beeping)
Vera:
What?
Whoa.
(men yelling in spanish)
(shouting in spanish)
(gunshot)
(panting)
¿qué pasó, amigo?
What the hell
took you guys so long?
Five years underwater, man.
My cover's blown.
I got what we need. Now i'm out.
You hear me? I'm finished.
We got you, okay? Don't worry.
You're out. We get it.
That's why we're here.
We're gonna get you
back across the border.
No. Not just across the border.
You take me home.
I'm done.
Absolutely.
You earned it.
We got el jefe
over a barrel now.
You did get
the coordinates, right?
Yeah, i got
the coordinates.
Shipment's
on the plane.
Ha.
You are one hell
of an agent, amigo.
(children laughing, chattering)
Wow. You're getting good
at those sunrises, van gogh.
I don't want to be van
gogh. He cut off his ear.
Oh, and your ears
are so cute, too.
(phone ringing)
(chuckles)
in the car, kiddo. Buckle up.
Hello?
Amy.
Okay,
mommy.
Hello. Who's this?
Ronnie.
Ronnie, if that's you, i swear
I know what you are trying to do
and she is not going with you.
You hear me?
As long as i live, never again.
I'm hanging up.
(jazzy music playing on piano)
Director:
One minute to showtime,
preacher.
You're gonna kill it.
You always do.
It's like opening
for the stones.
(chuckles)
You are just as good
as your father.
Besides,
Jagger's getting old. It's time
for the next generation.
(chuckles)
Shouldn't you
be sitting? The doctor...
Does not know squat.
Come on.
30 seconds to air.
Hey, you could be onstage
with my dad.
The view's better
from back here.
Go on, preacher man.
Knock 'em dead.
(cheering and applause)
We're on in five,
Four, three...
(rock music intro plays)
Does god want us to fear him?
Audience:
No!
Is that what you think?
Audience:
No!
No. No, i don't think so either,
friends.
See, my father's
teachings show us that god,
Well, god just wants us to love.
Yes, he does. Yes, he does!
He just wants us to love.
(applause)
Now, i ask you
to remember john 10:10.
"i have come
that they may have life
"and that they may have it
More abundantly,
more abundantly."
(speaking indistinctly)
(continues speaking
indistinctly)
(school bell rings)
(indistinct chatter)
Girl:
Hey.
Hey, peter.
Hello?
Peter.
Space cadet. Are
you even listening?
What? Sorry?
I'm trying to ask you
When you're heading to
lindsey's party tonight.
Oh, yeah, um,
uh, i don't know.
I don't think
i'm gonna go.
Just be too...
Uh, too...
Much fun? Come on, peter.
You can't swim
laps all night.
And, besides, i wanted
you to drive me home.
Hey, petey.
You know, hanging out
with this chick,
It ain't fooling anybody.
Hey, sam, is it true
susan broke up
With you 'cause you have
a really small...
You'd better shut up.
...Vocabulary?
I was gonna say
"vocabulary."
You think i was
saying something else?
You know,
next time
I see you,
You're dead.
Let's go.
(rapid beeping)
are you getting it?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Seriously, what is this?
Wait.
Come on. Move. Move.
This thing's really close.
(distant boom)
(distorted voices)
Man:
There's a lot more
at the drop site,
Right?
Along with some evidence that's
gonna put el jefe away for good.
Well, we got to call
in the location
So we can get a team
over there right away.
Hey.
Hey, my man. Are you listening?
Are those fishes
delicious?
Can we go to texas this summer?
I've never been
to texas.
You haven't been to
a lot of places.
You're six.
I know.
Well, i do have a
cousin in houston.
I'm not going to dad's anymore?
No, sweetie.
Did he do something wrong again?
(audio on radio distorting)
(tires screeching)
(indistinct chatter)
(preacher speaking indistinctly)
I pray you may prosper
in all things, just as...
(high-pitched ringing)
(gasping)
Man:
Joshua!
(murmuring)
Call 911. Get help!
Vera.
Vera!
(panting):
Hey, vera, hey. Wake up.
Oh!
Oh, god, no.
Oh...
(panting)
Joshua. Joshua.
Did someone call 911?
What's going on?
I don't think he has a pulse.
Maybe it was
a heart attack.
Michael!
(panting):
Vera...
Are you okay?
I'm fine, i'm fine.
I must have...
Must have been dehydrated.
Okay, hold on,
just stay sitting.
I called 911.
No, no, call them back.
I'm fine.
Are you sure?
Yeah, i'm fine, i'm fine.
Because my name's alan.
When you woke up,
you said "michael."
Look, we have to go figure out
what the hell it was
That fell down over the horizon.
No, just take a second.
I'm gonna grab you some water.
Just...
Let's go.
(siren blares)
(indistinct radio chatter)
Easy. Let me get
the legs free.
What are her vitals?
Nothing. She's gone.
(gasping breaths)
stay down!
Don't move!
Amy. Where's amy?
Where's my daughter?
Where is she? Amy?
Ma'am, please!
Amy!
Paramedic:
Female, critical condition.
Let go! Amy!
Please, ma'am,
come back.
Man:
Get us some help!
(coughing)
Let's go.
What the hell?
What happened?
We thought you were dead.
(high-pitched whirring)
(grunts in pain)
Male voice:
Remember the training.
You all right there?
It's three to the chest.
What's wrong, buddy?
It's just a headache.
Nah, you're all right--
it's just been a tough day.
Male voice:  Isabel...
We're doing this for you.
(groans in pain)
Three to the chest.
Who's... Who's isabel?
Isabel?
What are you talking about?
She's my wife. How the hell
do you know her name?
Whoa, slow down,
slow down.
We're all on the same team here.
You're gonna kill
me, aren't you?
Three shots to the
chest, right?
No,
Nobody's killing anybody.
He knows--
what's it matter?
Yeah, we're gonna kill you.
You want to do this?!
Just let me go.
Man:
No! Don't do it!
(gunshots, grunting)
(crows cawing)
(gasping)
(panting)
baby! What happened?
Are you okay?
Hey, talk to me.
Baby, what's wrong?
What happened?
Talk to me.
We thought you were gone.
I need to make a broadcast.
Tonight.
Anything, son.
We must share our miracle.
Excuse me.
Hey, can you... Can you please
tell me what's going on?
She's still in surgery.
We'll know
something soon.
Where the hell is she?
Where's amy?
It was an
accident.
It was...
Nothing's ever
your fault, is it?
Our daughter is in here,
And this is what you do?
You did this!
Ronnie:
She's in here because of you!
The police report's gonna say
you were drinking,
Again.
But that's not true.
It's true if i say it's true.
Don't do this, ronnie.
I swear to god, erin,
If she dies...
(crying quietly)
Man:
So, i know high school
Can be a difficult
time, peter,
And you sometimes
feel hopeless.
Hopeless?
Yeah.
About the present
or the future.
Is this how you interrogate
people who almost drown?
Your previous suicide attempt
is in your file, peter.
That was a long time ago.
It doesn't have anything
to do with today.
I was swimming, and
the next thing i know,
I'm coughing up water.
That's the end of it.
I have practice
tomorrow, early.
We'll need to notify
one of your parents,
Then you can go.
Notify the group foster home...
Where i live.
Or is that not
in your file?
(bird screeches in distance)
Definitely calling
the cops, bro.
I seem to find myself
in need of some clothes.
Not sure i can help you.
But i insist.
I understand completely.
Yes, absolutely.
Thanks.
It's so strange.
What?
Houston says they've
got it under control.
I mean, they're 700 miles away.
So maybe they know
something we don't.
It's a meteor event-- i mean,
it's definitely our territory.
Yeah, well, if it is
a meteor, then, you know,
It'll still be there tomorrow.
Alan, the energy
From the impact knocked me out.
That's weird.
Did i just try
to advise caution?
I'm sorry.
My mistake.
Whatever it is...
We're gonna be
the ones who find it.
♪ ♪
Alan:
You know, vera, when i first
got to you back there,
Maybe it was just me
being panicked,
But... I couldn't
find your pulse.
My heart's still beating,
obviously.
No, i can see that.
I'm just...
It was still pretty scary.
(radio playing)
wait.
Newsman:
Government sources
Are telling us
that you can thank
A giant solar flare
for a burst of radiation,
Which disrupted radio signals
across america today,
Causing cell phones, computers
And various small electronic
devices to go on the fritz.
Currently, it's 3:00...
What?
It wasn't a solar flare.
And what government source?
We're the government sources.
I mean... Who told the news
it was a solar flare?
Why are you looking at me?
I was with you the whole time.
It definitely made impact--
Why don't they just say
that it was a meteor?
Please let it be aliens.
No. Not again.
Seriously?
A guy mistakes
a drone
For a ufo one time
and he loses all credibility?
I'm turning up the radio.
(loud music playing)
(panting)
♪ ♪
Vera, you know
where we are?
33.6773 north,
106.4754
West-- i know
exactly where we are.
That's not what i meant.
Trinity?
So we're saying that a meteor
just happened
To land at the exact spot
where the first nuclear
bomb was tested?
Vera!
Okay, maybe we shouldn't
just run up the m...
Hey, just slow down
a second. Just...
This is incredible.
You're telling  me.
Whoa. The sand's melted
from extreme heat.
It's like tektite.
That's what
i'm thinking.
And that smell.
Definitely sulfur.
Exactly.
That plus melting...
Suggests it was
A meteor.
Yeah, but...
Doesn't the location of trinity
feel, like,
A little
too convenient, no?
Like what, you think it
was aimed like a weapon?
I mean, it's either
another weapons test,
Or someone is trying
to make a point.
Yeah, but we traced
The trajectory-- it
didn't come from earth.
Look, this is something
that somebody
(helicopter approaching)
didn't want us
to know about.
What makes you say that?
This is a special broadcast.
At 4:10 p.M.
Today, on live television,
I, joshua silburn jr., died.
I died.
And yet, here i am.
Why?
(rhythmic beeping)
(sighs)
(crying)
(crying):
Amy, no.
(sobbing)
Oh, my sweetie.
♪ ♪
Look what we got here.
Where you going, man?
Hey, petey, want to party?
Get in there.
Huh?
Come on, you wimp.
Look, sam,
i don't want any trouble.
Told you, next time
i see you, you're dead.
Yeah, man.
(grunts)
oh!
(groaning and grunting)
Get him.
Knock him out.
I have seen such things
That would make
your blood freeze.
Man.
Kick his ass.
(coughing)
there you go.
Joshua:
I have had visions
of the future.
(crying)
(sobbing)
I have seen the face of god,
And it is a terrible thing
to behold.
Say you're gay.
Say it!
(panting)
oh.
Yeah! Yeah!
The wheels of revelation
have begun to turn.
There will be chaos and war,
And what we do now
Will mean everything.
(groaning, coughing)
For the great day
of his wrath has come.
And who shall be able to stand?
Heed my words, or perish.
Cut him off.
It's going live.
End it!
For i am the messenger of god.
(loud clacking)
Hey, sam.
(grunting)
(blows landing, grunting)
(groaning)
(crying)
Why am i here?
(gasps)
(grunts)
(loud crowd chatter)
(groaning)
(grunts, car alarm chirps)
Run!
Oh, my god.
Oh, you're...
No, no, sweetie.
Listen, you have
to stay down, okay?
You're very hurt.
You're hurt, okay?
Where?
Oh, my god.
You're not hurting
or anything?
Mom, what's going on?
(crying)
Amy:
I want to go.
♪ i long to wrap the stars
around the moon ♪
Come on, baby, let's
get out of here.
♪ of you, ooh-ooh,
ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ ah... Ah... ♪
♪ ah...
Ah ♪
♪ ah... Ah... ♪
♪ ah...
Ah ♪
♪ ah... ♪
How long have
we been here?
Two hours and 47 minutes.
(sighs)
Why are we
being held here?
Can you please
tell me that?
Man:
My apologies, doctor.
You can go.
Oh, you're finally
allowing us to leave?
Yeah. And maybe we should go.
My associate and i were tracking
the extra-planetary object
That made impact here
this afternoon.
This is our site as much
as it is anyone else's.
It's for your own safety.
You could have been exposed
to environmental toxins.
(laughs)
would that be from
a solar flare or some other
Cover story?
What is it that you're hiding?
See that?
I know what that is.
You're taking
Core samples.
I need to be a part of this.
This could be a very important
scientific site.
Sergeant andrews will
escort you to your car.
I'm not leaving.
Take me to guantanamo,
Whatever-whatever
you have to do,
But i'm not leaving here
without answers.
Alan:
Okay, don't say
"guantanamo."
Okay, we-we're gonna leave.
We should... Vera, we should go.
(mutters)
You antagonize the guy?
He's got guys with guns.
I don't want
to get shot.
(indistinct woman's voice
over p.A.)
Hey! Hey, excuse me.
Where's the girl that
was in that room?
Amy calder?
Where is she?
I don't know.
What do you mean,
you don't know?
Where is she?
Where's my daughter?!
(loud techno music playing,
crowd chatter)
Peter.
(gasps)
What happened to you?
Girl:
Why's he walking
around like that?
Let's go outside.
Do we need to
call an ambulance?
It's not as bad
as it looks.
Who did this to you?
Was it sam?
Peter, we have
to call the cops.
Stop!
We can't let him
get away with this.
He's dead.
What do you mean, he's dead?
Pete... Peter, what
are you talking about?
Well, it was self-defense.
I have to leave here, alice.
You can come to my house
for the night.
My mom-- she won't...
No. I mean...
...Say anything.
...Leave.
No.
You can't save
me from this.
Something's happening to me.
(sirens blaring)
I am confused about everything.
But i know how i feel about you.
(crickets chirping)
(brakes squeak)
I'll go make some calls.
We'll go back tomorrow.
We need to get samples.
Well, we can
do that, or...
I swiped this from
the impact site.
You can thank me later.
Great. Now i owe you.
Yeah. You owe me. A lot.
You see the striations?
If we can identify
those impurities,
We can figure out
what this is.
You sure you don't want
me to drive you home?
No.
Because i worry
about you.
Generally, because of
the emotional detachment,
And specifically because
of the passing out.
Not to mention, who
is this michael guy?
I'm sorry.
Maybe that was...
He's someone
that's been gone a long time.
You don't need
to worry about me, okay?
Okay.
Good night, alan.
Oh, i'm sorry.
(both laugh)
(classical music playing)
This episode you had...
Was very traumatic, i know,
But it's no excuse.
We counsel hope,
not fire and brimstone.
I have a new message.
What you're saying
could bring us down.
This has nothing
to do with you.
The hell it doesn't.
This new message of yours...
If you continue this sacrilege,
You will not be welcome
in my church.
It's not your church.
It's god's church.
So be it.
(crickets chirping)
(brakes squeak,
hand brake creaks)
(creaking)
I figured
you needed some light.
This is loaded.
Don't move.
I don't need to move.
You'll come to me.
What do you want?
You've been chosen, vera.
Look, i don't know
what you think
You're gonna get, johnny...
That isn't my name.
These clothes were...
A gift.
Then who are you?
Who i am
doesn't matter.
What matters...
Is what i know.
I'm calling the cops.
It's about your son.
What do you know about my son?
Look at your computer.
Look at it.
(quick exhale)
Michael.
That's from just last week.
He's alive.
Mi-michael.
He's grown up,
Hasn't he?
I know who took
him. I know why.
You tell me.
You tell me
who took him.
What did you do to him?
Don't worry, angel.
I can tell you
where to find your son.
You just need to finish
a job for me first.
(woman crying)
(knocking)
Honey, what's wrong?
Joshua sr.:
Joshua, we need
to talk.
What is this?
Try to see it as a blessing.
For all of us.
Charlotte, what's
he talking about?
You were on retreat.
And i was weak
and he tried to comfort me.
Whether the baby's your son...
Or your brother...
He's still family.
I'm so sorry.
♪ hey, y'all, come on out ♪
♪ just out of town,
meet up in the country ♪
♪ down south in...♪
(music stops)
(grunts)
Cesar, it's raul.
Yo, you got to give me a call
as soon as you get this, man.
Some bad stuff's
going down. Just...
Try to lay low, okay?
(grunting)
Erin:
You sure you're okay?
You don't feel funny?
Mom, i keep
saying i'm fine.
Okay, okay. Do you want
anything to eat?
Some delicious fishes?
Cashier:
It's $2.63.
Thank you.
Okay, kiddo.
Let's go.
Hey, come on.
Erin:
What are you...
(grunts)
You stay calm,
you stay quiet.
I'm not gonna hurt you and i'm
not gonna hurt your little girl.
I just need a ride.
And then i'll let you go.
Nod you agree, okay.
Nod you
agree, okay.
Okay, shh.
Go. Go, go.
Drive.
The man:
It should be easy.
She's already basically dead.
She has been
for seven years.
Killing her would be a mercy.
This is crazy.
You realize you're insane.
Why do you want this?
If you had a chance
to kill a mass murderer,
Would you take it?
What are you saying?
I-i mean, what is she?
She's a threat.
To who?
To you?
To everything.
Then do it yourself.
I can find someone else.
Just... Don't... Just stop.
Take another step
and i swear...
You swear?
You swear what?
You won't kill me.
Because killing me
Kills your son.
It kills the only possibility
of ever seeing him again.
I am...
Your only hope.
Don't be scared.
I'm not.
Good, i didn't
think so.
You're pretty tough.
My brother has
a little girl
Just like you.
Her name's nadia.
Where are we going?
Honey, don't talk to him.
Why not?
Houston.
We're gonna
go to houston.
That's lucky.
That's lucky?
Honey, don't.
We were going there anyway.
It's lucky you picked us.
Amy, what did i just say?
Stop talking to him
and do your drawing.
Why are you going to houston?
Nadia and her daddy
are in houston.
Need to make sure they're okay.
You on the run, buddy?
No, sir.
I believe you. Why not?
Houston all right?
Sounds good to me.
Come on,
let's go.
The man:
Vera, you experienced
Things today
you don't understand.
You're trying to deny it,
But you feel it.
Nothing is random.
Nothing is a coincidence.
Everything is happening
for a reason.
And you have
an important part to play.
(whooshing)
(horn blares)
Driver: Hey, you can't...
(honking)
Driver 2:
Come on, buddy, come on.
I died.
And yet here i am.
Why?
(honking in distance)
I bring you a warning.
The devil is here with us,
In flesh and blood.
He knows our secrets
and our fears.
And he will use them against us.
He is temptation and sin.
He is evil incarnate.
He is lucifer,
The prince of darkness.
And i am here to tell you--
Whether you believe it or not--
He is coming for us all.
Captioning sponsored by
cbs
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access.Wgbh.Org